1. Clear investment pitch — אמור להגיע ל־process
From: terry.vanderkruyk@agilityhealth-demo.com
To: investments@amoon-demo.com
Subject: AgileRPM Series A — $12M Growth Round
Attachment: AgileRPM - Investment Pitch Deck.pdf
Body:
Hi aMoon Investment Team,  
I’m reaching out to introduce AgileRPM / Agility Health and share our Series A investment opportunity.  
AgileRPM is an enterprise SaaS platform built for physical rehabilitation practice management. The platform supports clinical workflow, scheduling, documentation, compliance tracking, billing and operational analytics across rehabilitation clinics.  
We are currently raising a $12 million Series A growth round and are seeking a $3 million investment from aMoon. The planned financing is structured as priced equity and is intended to provide approximately 24 months of funded runway.  
Today, AgileRPM is deployed across 32 active clinics and has approximately $2.1 million in ARR. The broader Agility Health clinical network operates across more than 150 locations, giving us a built-in environment for continued product validation and expansion.  
The attached investment deck includes additional information on our product, historical financial performance, market opportunity, competitive positioning, SaaS metrics, use of funds and growth strategy.  
I would be happy to schedule a call with the team and answer any questions after your review.  
Best,
Terry
Corporate Development
Agility Health / AgileRPM

EXPECTED RES:
{
  "category": "new_investment_pitch",
  "confidence": "high",
  "action": "process",
  "review_needs": []
}




2. Service provider / newsletter — אמור להגיע ל־skip
כאן דווקא לא כדאי להשתמש ב־AgileRPM. אחרת אנחנו מקשים על הבדיקה ללא צורך. המטרה היא לבדוק שהמערכת מבדילה בין הצעת השקעה לבין מייל עסקי רגיל.
From: hello@healthtech-insights-demo.com
To: investments@amoon-demo.com
Subject: October Digital Health Market Update — New Reports & Events
Attachments: none
Body:
Hi,  
Here is the October edition of the HealthTech Insights newsletter.  
This month we cover new trends in digital health, healthcare SaaS adoption, rehabilitation technology, and recent funding activity across the sector.  
We have also published our latest market report and announced registration for our upcoming virtual healthcare innovation conference.  
Featured this month:  
- Digital health funding trends
- Healthcare SaaS adoption benchmarks
- Upcoming industry events
- New reports available to subscribers
You are receiving this email because you previously subscribed to HealthTech Insights.  
Best,
The HealthTech Insights Team  
To unsubscribe or update your email preferences, use the subscription settings in your account.


EXPECTED RES:
{
  "category": "newsletter",
  "confidence": "high",
  "action": "skip",
  "review_needs": []
}





3. Ambiguous warm introduction — אמור להגיע ל־review_manual
זה המייל שצריך להיות בכוונה עמום מאוד.
הוא לא אומר "investment".
הוא לא אומר "fundraising".
הוא לא אומר "Series A".
והוא גם לא אומר במפורש שזו פגישת מכירות.
From: daniel.cohen@network-demo.com
To: investments@amoon-demo.com
Subject: Intro: Terry <> aMoon
Attachments: none
Body:
Hi both,  
As discussed, I wanted to connect you.  
Terry is building something interesting in the physical rehabilitation space, and I thought it could be relevant for the aMoon team to get to know him.  
Terry — the aMoon team has a lot of experience across healthcare and I think you’ll have plenty to discuss.  
I’ll leave it to you from here.  
Best,
Daniel


EXPECTED RES:
{
  "category": "uncertain",
  "confidence": "medium",
  "action": "review_manual",
  "review_needs": [
    "Confirm whether the introduction concerns a new investment opportunity."
  ]
}





